Add `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#1935)
radicle-dev/radicle-upstream: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to this repository

## Learn more about Upstream

> Looking to get familiar with the Upstream app and the Radicle ecosystem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To familiarise yourself with the Upstream app and the Radicle ecosystem, have a look at the following resources:
```

* [DEVELOPMENT.md][dmd]
* [Discord][dc]
* [radicle.xyz][ra]
* [Radicle documentation][rd]

## Your first bugfix

> If you have an issue you know how to fix or see an [open issue][oi] you'd like
> to fix, we are keen to receive your contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have found a bug or see an [issue][oi] you'd like to
fix, we are keen on receiving a contribution from you.
```

We are currently accepting [PR's through GitHub][pr] while we make our own
infrastructure more robust. If it's your first time using GitHub Pull Requests,
learn more about it [here][ghf].

> We also accept contributions through [Upstream Patches][up], our first version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also accept contributions through [Upstream Patches][up] -- our first version
```

of Pull Requests in Upstream. Learn more about the contribution flow [here][cbf].

> For us to see you've contributed a Patch we need to [add your Device ID as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For us to see you've contributed a Patch, we need to [add your Device ID as a
```

> remote][ar] to our repo, you can either add it to the [Remotes to track
> issue][rtr] or post it in [#upstream on Discord][dc-up].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remote][ar] to our repo. You can either add it to the [Remotes to trackissue][rtr] or post it in [#upstream on Discord][dc-up].
```

## Documentation

> We're writing documentation as we are developing new features if you find
> something that is confusing or not covered at all, feel free to [open a bug][ob]
> or [contribute][cd]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're writing documentation as we are developing new features, if you find
something that is confusing or not covered at all, feel free to [report a bug][ob]
or [contribute][cd].
```

Reviewer 2: Turned it into two sentences in https://github.com/radicle-dev/radicle-upstream/pull/1935/commits/7d3d5751f26acf6337ca4cef8c77f3968cc4ba61

## Team members

* [@geigerzaehler][gz]
* [@rudolfs][ru]
* [@brandonhaslegs][bhl]

> * [@juliendonck][jd]

Reviewer 2: I don’t think we need this here. A better place is the developer documentation.

* You can look through the existing bugs here:

* You can help us diagnose and fix existing bugs by asking and providing answers for the following:

  * Is the bug reproducible as explained?
  * Is it reproducible in other environments (for instance, on different browsers or devices)?
  * Are the steps to reproduce the bug clear? If not, can you describe how you might reproduce it?
  * What tags should the bug have?
  * Is this bug something you have run into? Would you appreciate it being looked into faster?

* You can close fixed bugs by testing old tickets to see if they are still happening.
* You can update our changelog here:
* You can remove duplicate bug reports by: -->

## Your first bugfix

If you have an issue you know how to fix or see an [open issue][oi] you'd like
to fix, we are keen to receive your contributions.

We are currently accepting [PR's through GitHub][pr] while we make our own
infrastructure more robust. If it's your first time using GitHub Pull Requests,
learn more about it [here][ghf].

We also accept contributions through [Upstream Patches][up], our first version
of Pull Requests in Upstream. Learn more about the contribution flow [here][cbf].

> For us to see you've contributed a Patch we need to [add your Radicle ID as a

Reviewer 2: I believe we use “Radicle ID” for projects.
```suggestion
For us to see you've contributed a Patch we need to [add your Device ID as a
```

remote][ar] to our repo, you can either add it to the [Remotes to track

> issue][rtr] or email it to [julien@monadic.xyz][mt].

Reviewer 2: Let’s just ask them to mention their peer ID on discord. I think we should not encourage people to send emails to a single person to avoid creating a bottleneck.
